Madam, the guests downstairs are almost here.
When are we going down?
Everyone is clamoring to see you now
It's easier to know
Lady, you are so beautiful today.
Even if it's useless
When can I meet my crush?
Maybe downstairs.
Welcome the heavy guests
I heard that this red-sleeved girl is going to be investigated today
Who does things well?
Can become his tree shore
Just a coquettish bitch
You have to pretend to be talented, but you can be small.
Leave him alone and keep talking
It is said that this Hongxiu girl is the double lord of Qin shi
Sun Qian has come here several times for him
The attitude is very ardent
Who in this brothel knows Sun Qian best?
That must be this Hongxiu girl
When Sun and I came here before
Why isn't Miss Hong Xiu here?
Then I don't know.
Maybe Sun Qian wanted to hide his identity
Oh, but I heard.
This Hong Xiu girl rarely appears in public
It only shows up every few months
So we're here this time
Isn't that right?
Yo, who do I think this is?
Isn't this Dr. Qin?
With two fresh faces
If we hadn't met before
I thought you were coming from somewhere
What about the toad?
Hahahahaha